---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: User field interpretation
---

# User field interpretation

<LastUpdated/>

All fields and their interpretations of the {{$localeConfig.brandName}} user are as follows:

- `id`: User ID, the example is `5f927f5daa7ba859b6b5c21f`, which is a unique ID automatically generated by {{$localeConfig.brandName}}.

- `arn`: ARN
- `status`: User status
- `token`: User identity credential, the value is an [OIDC IdToken](/concepts/id-token.md). This field can be used to verify the user's identity and determine the user's login status. For details, please see [Verification Token](../faqs/how-to-validate-user-token.md).
- `userPoolId`: User pool ID, for example `5f927f5daa7ba859b6b5c21f`, which is a unique ID automatically generated by {{$localeConfig.brandName}}.
- `username`: User name, unique in the user pool, case-sensitive.
- `email`: Email address, unique in the user pool, case-insensitive, such as `Bob@example.com` and `bob@example.com` will be identified as the same email address.
- `emailVerified`: Whether the email address has been verified. By default, {{$localeConfig.brandName}} will not prevent users with unverified email addresses from logging in. If you want to force users to verify their email addresses before logging in, [see this](/guides/users/settings.html#%E7%A6%81%E6%AD%A2%E9%82%AE%E7%AE%B1%E6%9C%AA%E9%AA%8C%E8%AF%81%E7%9A%84%E7%94%A8%E6%88%B7%E7%99%BB%E5%BD%95).
- `phone`: The phone number is unique in the user pool.
- `phoneVerified`: Whether the phone number has been verified. This field is `true` for users who register and log in using the phone number verification code, and `false` for users manually created by the administrator.
- `unionid`: For users who use third-party identity sources or social login, this field is the user's ID in the third party.
- `openid`: For users of third-party identity sources, the returned openid.
- `nickname`: User nickname, this field is not unique.
- `photo`: User avatar.
- `oauth`: For users who register through social login, this field stores the original user information returned by the third-party social login service provider. For example, for users registered through github, this field is the [original user information returned by the mini program](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/dev/api/open-api/user-info/wx.getUserInfo.html) after being parsed through JSON.
- `tokenExpiredAt`: Token expiration time, a time string that conforms to the ISO8601 format. (e.g. "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00").
- `loginsCount`: The cumulative number of logins.
- `lastLogin`: The last login time, a time string in ISO8601 format. (e.g. "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00").
- `signedUp`: The registration time, a time string in ISO8601 format. (such as "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700Z", "2017-06-07T14:34:08.700 or "2017-06-07T14:34:08+04:00").
- `blocked`: Whether the user account is locked. A locked account cannot log in.
- `lastIP`: The client IP of the user when last logged in.
- `device`: The device used when last logged in.
- `browser`: The browser used when last logged in.
- `company`: The company.
- `name`: OIDC standard field.
- `givenName`: OIDC standard field.
- `familyName`: OIDC standard field.
- `middleName`: OIDC standard field.
- `preferredUsername`: OIDC standard field.
- `profile`: The user's Profile Url, using GitHub For logged-in users, this field is the link to their GitHub personal homepage.
- `website`: personal website
- `gender`: gender, M (Man) for male, F (Female) for female, U (Unknown) for unknown.
- `birthdate`: birthday
- `zoneinfo`: time zone
- `locale`: language
- `address`: address
- `streetAddress`: street address
- `locality`: Locality
- `region`: region
- `postalCode`: postal code
- `city`: city
- `province`: province
- `country`: country

The following is a sample user information in JSON format:

```json
{
  "id": "5f8d4c6ee7cbcaf59486c93d",
  "arn": "arn:cn:authing:59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214:user:5f8d4c6ee7cbcaf59486c93d",
  "userPoolId": "59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214",
  "username": "USERNAME",
  "email": null,
  "emailVerified": false,
  "phone": null,
  "phoneVerified": false,
  "unionid": "UNIONID",
  "openid": "OPENID",
  "nickname": null,
  "photo": "https://files.authing.co/user-contents/59f86b4832eb28071bdd9214/avatar/5c7cd4a4-4ea4-443c-9656-705f0b247a29.jpg",
  "oauth": "OAUTH",
  "token": "TOKEN",
  "tokenExpiredAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "loginsCount": 1,
  "lastLogin": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "lastIP": null,
  "signedUp": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "blocked": false,
  "isDeleted": false,
  "device": null,
  "browser": null,
  "company": null,
  "name": null,
  "givenName": null,
  "familyName": null,
  "middleName": null,
  "profile": "https://github.com/shat810",
  "preferredUsername": null,
  "website": null,
  "gender": "U",
  "birthdate": null,
  "zoneinfo": null,
  "locale": null,
  "address": null,
  "formatted": null,
  "streetAddress": null,
  "locality": null,
  "region": null,
  "postalCode": null,
  "country": null,
  "createdAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:02+08:00",
  "updatedAt": "2020-10-19T16:21:04+08:00"
}
```
