<IntegrationDetailCard title="Splice login authorization link">

To initiate implicit mode authorization login, you need to splice a URL and let the end user access it in the browser. You cannot directly enter the authentication address domain name. The specific parameters are as follows:

<ApiMethodSpec method="get" host="https://<your application domain name>.genauth.ai" path="/oauth/auth" summary="Splice a link and let the end user access it in the browser to initiate an OAuth2.0 authorization login request." description="To initiate authorization, you need to splice a URL for authorization and let the end user access it in the browser. The specific parameters are as follows:">
<template slot="queryParams">
<ApiMethodParam name="client_id" type="string" required description="Application ID" />
<ApiMethodParam name="redirect_uri" type="string" required>

Callback link. After the user successfully authenticates the OP, the OP will send the access_token to this address in the form of a URL hash. This value **must** appear in the **callback address** configured in the console, otherwise the OP is not allowed to call back to this address.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="scope" type="string" required>

Required permission, not yet implemented, please fill in user.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="response_type" type="string" required>

Return type, please fill in `token`. It means that after successful authentication, the OP returns AccessToken.

</ApiMethodParam>
<ApiMethodParam name="state" type="string" required>

A random string used to prevent CSRF attacks. If the state value in the response is different from the state value set before sending the request, it means that you are under attack.

</ApiMethodParam>

</template>

</ApiMethodSpec>

Assuming that you have created an OAuth2.0 application with a domain name of `example`, the URL for initiating implicit mode OAuth2.0 authorization login is:

```
GET https://example.genauth.ai/oauth/auth?client_id=5ca765e393194d5891db1927&redirect_uri=https://example.com&scope=user&response_type=token&state=6223573295
```

</IntegrationDetailCard>
